Places, like people, are multi-dimensional beings. Among the many things that shape a place, economics is perhaps one of the most influential. Many places come to be known for it's major industries. For example, mention Los Angeles, and the film industry comes to mind. Mention New York, and you think of Wall Street. I live in a suburb near DC, which is of course known for it's large public and non-for-profit sector.
Given that major industries play such a large role in the way we understand places, I decided to look at how the distribution of industries differ in different states, and how it might have changed over time. To create the following interactive chart, I gathered data from the Bureau of Labor Statistic's Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages. The data represents annual average employment and includes both private and public sectors. Each bar represents one state, and the placement of the bars represents percent of that state's workforce that is employed in the industry indicated on the left. 
I thought it would be interesting to look at broad patterns by region and over time. Using the most recent year's data, we can see some regional variations in distribution of employment by industry. For example, in the west, relatively high percent of the workforce is employed in accomondation and food services, construction, agriculture, and mining; in mid west,we see a concentration in manufacturing, trade, management; northeast appears to specialize in health care and education services; while south seems to be a diverse mix of industries.
Looking at distribution over time, the most salient change is the dramatic decrease in manufacturing, and increase in health care and social assistance. There is also a decrease in retail trade, and an increase in accomodation and food services, and education services. We also see a decrease in information (surprising!), agriculture, mining.
Looking at the intersection of these dimensions is also interesting. Over the years, many places have caught up with the west in accomondation and food services. There is an increase in management, administrative and professional services, and agriculture. South moved to the top of accommodation and food, arts and entertainment. Northeast moving ahead on healthcare and education services, no longer leading the way in finance.